*Your access to and use of the documentation located on this site is
subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. *

*By accessing and using this documentation, you accept the following
terms and conditions, without limitation or qualification. Unless
otherwise stated, the contents of this site including, but not limited
to, the text and images contained herein and their arrangement are the
property of Sysdig, Inc.. All trademarks used or referred to in this
website are the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained
in this site shall be construed as conferring, by implication or
otherwise, any license or right to any copyright, patent, trademark or
other proprietary interest of Sysdig or any third party.*

*This site and the content provided in this site, including, but not
limited to, graphic images, audio, video, html code, buttons, and text,
may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted,
transmitted, or distributed in any way, without the prior written
consent of Sysdig, except that you may download, display, and print one
copy of the materials on any single computer solely for your personal,
non-commercial use, provided that you do not modify the material in any
way and you keep intact all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary
notices.*

*The information provided on this site is in most cases free of charge
and for informational purposes only, and does not create a business or
professional-services relationship between you and Sysdig. Links on this
site may lead to services or sites not operated by Sysdig. No judgment
or warranty is made with respect to such other services or sites and
Sysdig takes no responsibility for such other sites or services. A link
to another site or service is not an endorsement of that site or
service. Any use you make of the information provided on this site, or
any site or service linked to by this site, is at your own risk.*

*This site and its contents are provided “as is” and Sysdig makes no
representation or warranty of any kind with respect to the
documentation, any site or service accessible through this site. Sysdig
expressly disclaims all express and implied warranties including, but
not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. In no event will Sysdig
be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special,
exemplary, consequential, or other damages (including, but not limited
to, lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or data)
without regard to the form of action and whether in contract, tort,
negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, arising out of or in
connection with this documentation, any content on or accessed through
this documentation or any site service linked to, or any copying,
displaying, or use thereof.*

*Sysdig maintains this site in California, U.S.A. and you agree that
these terms of use and any legal action or proceeding relating to this
site shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without
reference to its choice of law rules. You are responsible for complying
with the laws of the jurisdiction from which you are accessing this site
and you agree that you will not access or use the information on this
site in violation of such laws.*

*Unless expressly stated otherwise herein, any information submitted by
you through this site shall be deemed non-confidential and
non-proprietary. You represent that you have the lawful right to submit
such information and agree that you will not submit any information
unless you are legally entitled to do so. Because of the open nature of
the Internet, we recommend that you not submit information you consider
confidential.*

*Sysdig does not accept unauthorized idea submissions outside of
established business relationships. To protect the interests of our
current clients and ourselves, we must treat the issue of such
submissions with great care. Importantly, without a clear business
relationship, Sysdig cannot and does not treat any such submissions in
confidence. Accordingly, please do not communicate unauthorized idea
submissions to Sysdig through this website. Any ideas disclosed to
Sysdig outside a pre-existing and documented confidential business
relationship are not confidential and Sysdig may therefore develop, use
and freely disclose or publish similar ideas without compensating you or
accounting to you. Sysdig will make every reasonable effort to return or
destroy any unauthorized idea submissions without detailed review of
them. However, if a review is necessary in Sysdig’s sole discretion, it
will be with the understanding that Sysdig assumes no obligation to
protect the confidentiality of your idea or compensate you for its
disclosure or use. By submitting an idea or other detailed submission to
Sysdig through this website, you agree to be bound by the terms of this
stated policy.*
